# List Of Questions
1. Make an input area where the input characters has a limit. although, user can delete whatever he already typed there. Further, disable the button 
when the text area is empty and enable it when something is typed. Also cover the edge case that the button should remain disabled if there are only spaces in the text area.
2. Fetch an API ( https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/todos ) and display it on the output on screen as per your liking.
3. Create a password checker web app. If password is less than 10 characters then show an error to user otherwise show success. Extension: Check button to be active only if password is greater than 10 characters.
4. Take an input from the user in text format. Have 3 buttons with the names of "Log" ,"Warn" and "Error". If user clicks on "Log" button then the text entered by user will be shown in black color. Similarly if the user clicks on "Warn " and "Error " buttons then the text entered by user will be shown on the screen in the yellow and red colors respectively.
5. This API link ( https://mystery-api.kushanksriraj.repl.co/get ) can give two errors, either 404, or 401. If the error is 404, show the user 'page not found' and if the error is 401, show the user 'you are not logged in'. If the status is 200 then show the message "API is working"
6. Here is an API - https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/todos. From the response show only the "titles" of all items on the screen giving them a list structure. 
7. Create a list of 3 objects that has 2 attributes name of the task and completed which is a boolean value true or false. Display those tasks which are completed or which have attributes as completed:true on the click of a button.
8. Create a stock profit or loss calculator. Take name of stock and buying price of the stock as input from the user. Get the current price of the stock from the following API – https://api.polygon.io/v2/aggs/ticker/. And show the output as profit or loss. Change the color of the message shown on the screen depending on profit(green color) or loss(red color).
9. Use the following API – https://stock-api.desaihetav.repl.co/list. and get a list of items. Display id and name of each item in the list in following format ID – Name. Show an error message if any error comes up (using catch handlers for handling it).