# List Of Questions
 1. Build a counter application
 2. Create a web app and render your name using any heading or paragraph tag. It should have a border of 1px around it. Create 2 buttons, '5px' and '10px' below your name. The width of border should change to 5px and 10px by clicking respective buttons.
 3. Display the both the results of this API's response : https://quick-access-api.desaihetav.repl.co/ on the screen at the same time with a click of a button. 
 4. Create an Input Element, which shows a display message according to the Input text with the click of a button. If you type - "Tanvi" - then show, "She is the best CEO ever!". "Tanay" - then show, "He is our FUNNY mentor!". "Swapnil" - then show, "He helps us CONQUER jobs!". "Akanksha" - then show, "She is our CHEERFUL Interviewer!".
 5. You have to create a profit and loss calculator, in which you will make two input sections one will take current price and other one will take the cost price and to show result one will click on a button and a message will be shown, if there is loss then you just have to show a message with loss amount and similarly for profit.
 6. Create a password checker web application having 2 input sections that takes the password. If the value in both sections are equal then show the message Success on the screen and if not equal then show Passwords Mismatched on the click of a button.
 7. Create a CLI app which would detect fake news. This app will take news as input and then source. If source is Facebook or WhatsApp then it will output user saying, "Don't believe things on FB and WhatsApp". Can you extend this to include telegram as well?
 8. Create two objects with name, power, and age as Ram, 2500, Treta. Krishna, 2325, Dwapar. Say if every character in name is worth 35 power points. Write a function which takes two objects and return the person with more power based on their name and power both.
 9. Create a password checker web app. If password is lesser than 10 characters then show an error to user otherwise show success. Someone can ask to make the submit button disabled. Some can ask to make the input field green or red depending on input.
 10. Here's an API, it can give two errors. Either 404, or 401. If the error is 404, show the user 'page not found' and if the error is 401, show the user 'you are not logged in’. API - https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/dummyUser
 11. You will have one input of type date, where I will select my birth date eg. 30-08-2003 and you need to show in output that how old I am on button click.
 12. Create a web app where I can input a text. Now, create three buttons h1, h2, h3. When I click on any of the button, the text should become h1, h2, or h3.